hi stool samples from Bailey well done
it and today one of the mops in the six
random booster nine and here's a box and
a budget I think it's probably cloud or
cloud gemios I don't only know but I
think it's lovely right and the back
yourselves whether they're bailiffs
didn't come with their also nice and now
I open it I think it is clearly right
yes I can I think I did see the club
Jimmy certainly rough but I'm pretty
sure it's the lira Oh ice nut I think
it's well Lera oh it is and whoa it
looks really nice kind of looks really
awesome and if you say so myself I just
did it down here I got the rest of the
toys for flour uh-huh the lowest track
ever 85 and I'll go nice tip
to the board and SF let's put it
together
there we go now we'll just get the
stickers for it
whoa these stickers are super cool and
nice also live until the right here now
I will do two stickers
dr. singer/song Clara looks really nice
and now we're gonna do a test box to see
how cleverly Brad does Wow
and also clap around the lowest spin
track it's 85 it also smells very nice
really nice name
please make sure you like this video
make it your favorite please subscribe
thanks for watching